OBSDOCS-1246 troubleshooting UI plugin (#81463)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/coo-troubleshooting-ui-plugin-creating-alert.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * observability/cluster_observability_operator/ui_plugins/troubleshooting-ui-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="coo-troubleshooting-ui-plugin-creating-alert_{context}"]
= Creating the example alert

To trigger an alert as a starting point to use in the troubleshooting UI panel, you can deploy a container that is deliberately misconfigured.

.Procedure

. Use the following YAML, either from the command line or in the web console, to create a broken deployment in a system namespace:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: bad-deployment
  namespace: default <1>
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: bad-deployment
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: bad-deployment
    spec:
      containers: <2>
      - name: bad-deployment
        image: quay.io/openshift-logging/vector:5.8
----
<1> The deployment must be in a system namespace (such as `default`) to cause the desired alerts.

> <2> This container deliberately tries to start a `vector` server with no configuration file. The server will log a few messages, and then exit with an error. Alternatively, you can deploy any container you like that is badly configured, causing it to trigger an alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> This container deliberately tries to start a `vector` server with no configuration file. The server logs a few messages, and then exits with an error. Alternatively, you can deploy any container you like that is badly configured, causing it to trigger an alert.
```
See the [ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense).

Author: Done
